4)Attain at least 2 certifications through TU learning platform for this year : 
i have completed Many certification form Cloud Guru and LinkedIn Leanings , courses that i accomplishedare Introduction to AWS , inntroduction to GCP & Azure , Devopes Concepts.
also i have completed C# Certification form Microsoft. Those certifications helped to though 2023 and ahead also.

6) Learning Plan :
For my personal development i have created a development plan. and i feel proud that i have successfully accomplished this before year end. i have learned about API Development, .NET Core , PostgreSQL, Rest APIs , Development standards, and managed to do best coding practices.amd lokking ahed to leaarn more in 2024.


This is mostly based on learnings for me , when i joined i have been allocated to SA API team , postion that was open is very crucial , i feel proud that i have filled requirements.
and apart form leanings i have completed some major tasks such as logging & monitoring , fixing issues and BAU tasks.
I contributed by creating documentation for new joiners and detailing project specifics in Confluence i have been continuously completing task that has been assigned , thought that i have made my api & .net core Web api concepts more strong and Supporting the team in both technical and non-technical aspects has been fulfilling, and I have gained valuable knowledge in Azure DevOps, CI/CD, agile processes, vulnerability scans, and deployment, which will be beneficial in my career.
and i am most excited about 2024 is i will be more focus on upskilling .and i will make my skills more stonger and want to learn more skills and implement that as well so it will help me in fucture a head.


When i joined i was totally blank then SA API team & Transunion Internship helped me to get started ,
The experience that i have gained is most valuable for me.
i have learned all required teachnolgies form scratch like .Net , postgresql , Rest APIs ,angular, Azure devops , CI/CD etc. i also leearned soft skills like agile process commuication etc. and from 2023 i feel proud of my growth as i have developed myself as full stack developer, ready to work on projects gig jobs or any initiative.
loking ahed of 2024 i would like to develop my self as more strong full stack developer with AWS ,Azure certification , and want to leaning more deep angular and reactjs , also i will leaning python backend ,
as i implement each skill though perosnal projects to test and learn things that will help me in professsional career.
i used to do certification based on technologies i need to accomplish.
i also solve questions that will help to build my skills more stronger.
